.\" Copyright 2012 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\" http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.na
.TH CYCLE_FINDER "1" "July 2013" "cycle_finder" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
.B cycle_finder
\- find reference cycles in Java source files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cycle_finder
[
.I options
] \fIfile1.java\fR ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B cycle_finder
tool builds a reference graph from the types found in Java sources and prints to
stdout any cycles found in the graph.

The following options are available:
.TP 25
.BI \-sourcepath " path "
Specify where to find input source files
.TP
.BI \-classpath " path "
Specify where to find user class files
.TP
\fB--suppress-list\fR \fIfile\fR
Specify a file that lists approved fields and types to suppress cycles.
.TP
\fB--restrict-to\fR \fIfile\fR
When specified, only cycles containing the types and namespaces listed are printed.
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--sourcefilelist\fR \fIfile\fR
Specify a file that lists the source files to be analyzed.
.TP
.BI -encoding " encoding "
Specify character encoding used by source files
.TP
\fB-Xbootclasspath\fR:\fIpath\fR
Boot path used to compile the input sources. (not the tool itself)
.TP
\fB-version\fR
Version information.
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Print this message.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR j2objc (1)
.PP
The full documentation for
.B cycle_finder
is maintained on the project site at
\fIhttp://j2objc.org/\fR.
