.\" Copyright 2012 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\" http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.TH J2OBJC "1" "September 2012" "j2objc 0.5" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
.B j2objc
\- translate Java source files to Objective-C
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B j2objc
[
.I options
] \fIfile1.java\fR ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B j2objc
tool translates specified Java source files into either Objective-C or
Objective-C++ sources for use in an iOS application.

The following options are available:
.TP \w'\fB\-copyright\fP\fI\ nnnn\fP'u+10n
.BI \-sourcepath " path "
Specify where to find input source files
.TP
.BI \-classpath " path "
Specify where to find user class files
.TP
.BI \-d " directory "
Specify where to place generated Objective\-C files
.TP
.BI \-g
Generate debugging support
.TP
.BI \-x " language "
Specify what language to output.  Possible values
are objective\-c (default) and objective\-c++
.TP
.BI \-use\-gc
Generate Objective\-C code to support garbage collection (requires libjre_emul.a rebuild)
.TP
.BI \-use\-arc
Generate Objective\-C code to support Automatic Reference Counting (ARC)
.TP
.BI \-\-ignore\-missing\-imports
Continue translation if an imported class is not found on the class or source paths.
.TP
.BI \-Werror
Make all warnings into errors
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Do not print status messages
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose
Output messages about what the translator is doing
.TP
.BI \-use\-reference\-counting
Generate Objective\-C code to support iOS manual
reference counting (default)
.TP
.BI -pluginpath " path "
Specify where to find plugin class files
.TP
.BI \-pluginoptions " options "
Comma separated key=value pairs passed to all plugins
.TP
.BI \-\-mapping " file "
Add a method mapping file
.TP
.BI \-\-dead\-code\-report " file "
Specify a ProGuard usage report for dead code elimination.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-inline\-field\-access\fR
Turn off in\-lining of generated field accessors.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-generate\-test\-main\fR
Turn off automatically generated main method for JUnit tests.
.TP
\fB\-\-print\-converted\-sources\fR
Print input source files after initial conversion
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-timing\-info\fR
Print time spent in translation steps
.TP
.BI \-Xbootclasspath\fR:\fIpath
Boot path used by translation (not the tool itself).
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print this message.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR j2objcc (1)
.PP
The full documentation for
.B j2objc
is maintained on the project site at
\fIhttp://j2objc.googlecode.com/\fR.

